 

Ploi # 48, Unit # 308, Regen! Prime

Whitefield Main Road, Bangalore 560066, Kumuluku, lNDlA
L0nluci@softwuresuppuriindiumm

Tel; +9] .BU.49088555

ENGAGEMENT AGREEMENT

This Agreement is made and entered into on the 25/04/2013

BY AND BETWEEN

Soﬁware Support & Management Services (I) Pvt. Ltd, a company incorporated under the provisions 0F
the Companies Act, 1956 and having its operational office at Plot it 48, Unit # 308, Regent Prime,
Whiteﬁeld Main Road, Bangalore 560066, Karnatal<a, India, represented by its Director, Navin Rao
referred to as “SS/145' which expression shall mean and include where the context so requires or admits

its permissible successors and assigns of the ONE PART;

AND

Sansa Tech Services, a company incorporated under the provisions of the Companies Act, 1956 and
having its registered oﬁice at No: Al, Plot No: l4ll, 2nd Street, Ramnagar North Extension, Madipal<l<am,
Chennai - 600091, Tamil Nadu, lndia represented by its Director, Mr. Anand under a valid approval and
authority hereinatter referred to as “Partner" which expression shall mean and include where the context
so requires or admits its permissible successors and assigns of the OTHER PART.

WHEREAS:
1. PARTNER is a company engaged in the business of providing sottware and technology related

services and in this regard provides technical services, product based solution in accordance

with the specific requirement of its customers;

2. SSMS is a company engaged in the business of Information technology and system integration,
providing technical services that include Enterprise Application Management, Project Services,
Product development in REID/GPRS and other Functional and technology areas,
Datawarehousing, Testing, staFFing (perm 8: contract)

3. The parties now are desirous of entering into this Agreement wherein PARTNERand
SSMSintend to work in a partnership model to provide services/solutions/products (relevant to
specific Statement oi Work "SOW") in accordance with the terms and conditions hereinafter For

business opportunities that both parties shallendeavor to pursue jointly or severally.

 

Page 1 0 1o
" ‘.-€ONI”ll)lEN3'l:\l. ..

Pmpulyoliailwaitﬁupparl&MuM1gtmenlSeIli(e4(|) Pm us

   

